updates README with information about CDN bundles (#2849)
okta/okta-signin-widget: README.md

#### Using the Okta CDN

> Loading our assets directly from the CDN is a good choice if you want an easy way to get started with the widget, don't already have an existing build process that leverages [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) for external dependencies, or for any other reason don't want to bundle the Sign-in Widget into your application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loading our assets directly from the CDN is a good choice if you want an easy way to get started with the Widget, don't already have an existing build process that leverages [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) for external dependencies, or any other reason where you don't want to bundle the Sign-in Widget into your application. 
```

> The standard bundle (`okta-sign-in.min.js`) includes support for both [Classic Engine][] and the [Identity Engine][]. It also includes a [polyfill][] to ensure compatibility with older browsers such as IE11. If your application does not need to support IE11, you can include the `no-polyfill` bundle instead to decrease the loading time for first-time users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard bundle (`okta-sign-in.min.js`) includes support for both [Classic Engine][] and the [Identity Engine][]. It also includes a [polyfill][] to ensure compatibility with older browsers such as IE11. If your application doesn't need to support IE11, you can include the `no-polyfill` bundle instead to decrease the loading time for first-time users.
```

> The standard bundle (`okta-sign-in.min.js`) includes support for both [Classic Engine][] and the [Identity Engine][]. It also includes a [polyfill][] to ensure compatibility with older browsers such as IE11. If your application does not need to support IE11, you can include the `no-polyfill` bundle instead to decrease the loading time for first-time users.

Reviewer: Missing links for [Classic Engine][], [Identity Engine][], and [polyfill][] ?

Author: They are the top of the document
